Improve README.md and related files (#484)
HumanCompatibleAI/imitation: docs/getting-started/first-steps.rst

===========
First steps
===========

> Imitation can be used in two main ways: through its command-line interface (CLI), allowing you to quickly train and test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imitation can be used in two main ways: through its command-line interface (CLI) or Python API.
The CLI allows you to quickly train and test algorithms and policies directly from the command line.
The Python API provides greater flexibility and extensibility, and allows you to inter-operate with your existing Python environment.
```
